What if he recovers to the Martial King Mirror?
My strength is with the help of that lord
It has already broken through to the Martial King
Half imperial mirror
Elder Lei is mighty
It turns out that you are the real hidden one.
Do you think I am Lei Qianque?
Have you been eating dry rice for the past three years?
No one, so what do we do next?
He, Lin Fanruo, has always been a shrinking turtle
Return Zepari
Now that he has emerged
Don't blame me for killing them all
Pass the order down
Tomorrow's coronation ceremony will be held by Zhao
I want Guangyao to be a celebrity
Come together to witness the coronation of this king
Congratulations, Lord
Lord, what about Lin Fan?
The king is crowned
How could Lin Fan be missing?
Ask the owner of Jiangdong Tour to send the invitation
Ask him to die tomorrow
Do it
I'm going to invite that big guy
Come to tomorrow's coronation ceremony